Add tip for connecting to JSON-RPC endpoint (#3098)
jamulussoftware/jamulus: docs/JSON-RPC.md

- A **response** from Jamulus to the consumer.
- A **notification** from Jamulus to the consumer.

> **Tip:** On Linux, you can use the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.

Author: ```suggestion
**Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to the JSON-RPC endpoint using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.
```

> **Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to a JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.

Reviewer: It might be worth add "for scripting and dianostic purposes" - as, more general use, these tools probably aren't what you'd be using.  You'd probably be writing a program.

Author: I have added a link to a Node.js snippet.

> **Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to a JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.

Author: ```suggestion
**Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to a JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.  Also [see this page](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/pull/1975) for a connection example using Node.js.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd rather put the example directly in this page.

> **Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to the JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.

Author: ```suggestion
**Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to a JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.
```

> **Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to the JSON-RPC endpoint using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.

Author: ```suggestion
**Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to the JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.
```

> **Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to a JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.  Also [see this page](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/pull/1975) for a connection example using Node.js.

Reviewer: I think something clearer than a reference to a pull request is needed.  Extracting the example into a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) might be clearer.

Author: > Extracting the example into a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) might be clearer.

Have we published documentation snippets to gist before? I can [make one in my account](https://gist.github.com/mcfnord/bea59c2d71c789b420821fb0629e9c4e), but that's not making one in this repo.

Reviewer 2: What speaks against including it into this document?

Reviewer: > What speaks against including it into this document?

I wasn't sure (as I couldn't find it) how big it was.

> **Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to a JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.  Also [see this page](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/pull/1975) for a connection example using Node.js.

Author: ```suggestion
**Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to a JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.  This snippet uses [jayson](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jayson) to connect using Node.js:

```
const jayson = require("jayson/promise");
const client = new jayson.client.tcp({ host: "127.0.0.1", port: 22100 });

client.request('jamulusserver/getServerInfo', {})
  .then(console.log)
  .catch(console.error)
```
```

- A **response** from Jamulus to the consumer.
- A **notification** from Jamulus to the consumer.

**Tip:** On Linux, you can connect to a JSON-RPC server using the `nc` CLI tool. On Windows, you can download and use the `ncat` CLI tool.  This snippet uses [jayson](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jayson) to connect using Node.js:

> 

Author: ```suggestion
<pre>const jayson = require("jayson/promise");
const client = new jayson.client.tcp({ host: "127.0.0.1", port: 22100 });

client.request('jamulusserver/getServerInfo', {})
.then(console.log)
.catch(console.error)</pre>
```

Author: Perhaps I've reached a limit in the suggestion interface, by trying to show code there. 

In any case, this doesn't go here anyway. It gets dropped into the script source. But how do I designate the code? With **pre** or **code** tags?

Reviewer 2: None of both. You'll need to use backticks: \`
